Should I ask them about it? I think it will be some staff member, assistant psychologist or someone was keen and they did it and now that person’s left. That’s what usually happens. Oh, yeah, basically. That’s usually what happens. Some of the health questionnaires are just not scored. Yeah. And I’m not really sure how to score the headache questionnaires myself. Oh, what is it? The PETS QL? Usually what happens is that they produce a really nice document for all the questionnaires and it’s all summarized and highlighted, which… That will be some eager assistant psychologist that has now left. Ah, makes sense. Indeed. Not Andy who’s been doing it. Maybe, but then it just means that he’s too busy now to do it. I mean, what I mean is I don’t think we can ask Andy to do that. Okay. But the students could? Yeah. I was going to say. Yeah. Yeah. Because in my assistant psychologist role, I know how to do all the data summaries, so I’m happy to do that if you think that we’re capable. Like, the nice… I’m just thinking the questionnaires, do they have patient… If they have patient details, I can’t really send them to you. Yeah, yeah. I don’t have… Unless you get the BOSH contract or before you get the EPIC access, then I think we can. Can we do some like interview… Is there anything other than like questionnaires or like side works? For example, restrictions, so something that less sensitive and relates to the contract? Because I do think it will be hard without it, but I could do anything to help. It’s just like transform data sets onto the platform or anything like that? What you could do, Alexa, is you could download the documents into folders. And then as soon as their contracts come through, you can send them folders and they can go through that. Yeah, I could. I could. So at least it's… While you're going through, you know, because they're not going to re-enter patients that you've already done. Yeah. But while you're looking through, if you see unscored things, you could download them and save them on the GOSH thing, obviously. And then Aisha and Chris can go through those and then finish populating the patients that you've gone through. And that would be quicker than them having to go back into someone that you've seen and find all the documents. Yeah, I can definitely do that. In terms of the actual data set, so I can't really think of anything that would be very useful to do now because we haven't finished collecting most of the data for either data set. Systematic review, you could start the systematic review. Do all the rest of the things you can do without the data first. Then, you know, while we're waiting for the ON contract. So, and in terms of your MSC, you can start writing the introduction. You can start writing the introduction and methodology so that as soon as the contract comes through, you focus on the data collection with the knowledge that your intro and methods is already written up. Once your contract comes through, I can come and meet you face to face as well, just to show you. It's much easier to show you on the screen. Yeah, easier. Yes. That would be good. I can do that. Yeah, so I would, so what are your MSC titles? Are you allowed to do, you have to choose different things or you can do the same thing? I presume you have to do different things. We haven't been told. Yes. We haven't started the module where we have anything about the research project. Like we are still ahead of everyone because we're doing our project, but other people in our cohort haven't, like they've only just been assigned supervisors. So we don't have any information about writing up yet at all. And for the topic, I don't think. And if you are allowed to do the same thing or different, I presume you have to do different projects. So we need to think Alexa about different angles that you guys can take. It can be angles that we are, in fact, it will be helpful if they are what we are going to write in the paper. Because then you can just take their summary and then turn it into a paper, which obviously everyone will be on. Yeah. I mean, that's what we did with the previous MSC students. I mean, it changed a lot because your MSC is really long, I think. And publications are typically really short. So, yeah, I remember when one of the MSC students I took last year, we used some of her stuff, but obviously only a tiny bit because your MSCs are really long and we typically only have 3000 words for paper. Yeah, I think we have like seven or eight. Yeah, exactly. So, Alexa, our paper, what were your ideas? We're obviously going to do the prevalence rates. For autism, you mean? Well, no, because our paper is on mental health and headaches. Yes, so on mental health. Yeah. Yeah. So we're going to be looking at prevalence rate. And then there was the angle of pre and post COVID, because that's why you've got the two samples. Yeah. And then there was the question of what other questionnaires you've got? PEDS, MIDAS. PEDS, MIDAS, PEDS, QL and R-Cats, maybe. But we also have the CHAR and Karen consent questionnaires, that's also the more qualitative data. Okay. And then how much is there longitudinal? Very little. Very little, so it's one time point. I think, yeah, like 5%, more than 5% of the cases would have had only one set of questionnaires. Okay. Well, so we could. So there's a, someone could do headache and quality of life. Headache, mental health and quality of life. And there's also the headache, we have the headache types as well. That's headache specific information. Yeah. And then the other one could do anxiety, because we've got the R-Cats. So one of them could do mental health, headache severity and quality of life. And the other one could do anxiety pre and post COVID. A lot of the work that I did was anxiety related. So I did stuff on selective mutism, generalised anxiety disorders in like 47 year olds. So. You want the anxiety one? I'd really like the anxiety one, but also if Chris, if you want the anxiety one, I'm happy to do the other one. So you can choose as well. Okay, so I was about to say the anxiety as well, but on the contrary, I'm not familiar with that topic because I was evaluating the emotional regulation and well, other things like ACEs. But to be honest, my experience was really on the resilience. So when I do the emotional regulation, I did a little bit correlation with the resilience part. So if that's the anxiety is your choice, I could do the quality of life, that one as well. But the headache severity and yeah. So, I mean, anxiety will come into it because obviously. Quality of life. Going to be looking at people who have anxiety, depression and all the other mental health disorders in relation to quality of life. Okay. So there's obviously anxiety in that one. The other one is just looking more at the specific RCAD scores. Good. Then I could choose the quality of life. I could like take a bold.

From the audio, the transcription is as follows:

...or general perspective, and also with the depression, and it's good, yeah.

Yeah.

Oh, hold on, sorry, just to clarify, so when you said about the pre- and post-COVID anxiety, is that in relation to the headaches, or is it just anxiety pre- and post-COVID?

No, no, no, obviously headaches come into both.

Oh, in relation to headaches, okay.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a headache clinic cohort, so, you know, it's just focused... It's just a different focus looking at our CAD scores in headache patients pre- and post-COVID.

We also have information like... we have really good school data, like attendance, school they go to... we have the basic demographic data.

Yeah.

We have physical health information, detailed physical health information, and family history for each patient. What else might be interesting? Just thinking... The headache characteristics. I collected it for the first cohort, but the second cohort, I haven't been collecting all the little details. So if we have time, then it would be good to have those as well, if we can gather them. So like, for example, headache, how long was the headache, whether there was any eye symptoms, stomach symptoms. So, yeah, the...

Yeah, so both of you will have... will be using the headache severity scores, because that will, you know, I would say... Because you're going to be relating headache severity to our CAD scores. And you'll be relating headache severity to quality of life. I would put the school attendance and physical health in with quality of life. And then maybe you could have the family history in your one.

Yeah, for me, yeah.

Sorry, Ayesha.

Ayesha.

No, where would family history go? It depends, if it's family history of anxiety...

What kind of...

Yeah, for the family history, it would contain whether there's any psychiatric family history, and also whether there's a headache.

I think both, both, both then. Both would have family history.

And any other family history basically just pretexted in anything we can find.

Yeah.

Maybe, Ayesha, if you do the all CADs and the child and parent concerns...

Yeah.

And then you have the school data, PEDS QL and physical health.

And then you both will have PEDS MIDAS, the demographics obviously, and the family history.

So, does that make sense?

Yeah.

Yeah.

I'm typing everything, just typing everything.

And then Alexa gets all of it for one paper.

Yeah, happy to do whatever.

Well, I mean, you'll get both... you'll get 20,000 words, which you'll summarize down to 3,000.

Sorry.

Yeah.

I'll try my best.

Yeah, I think so far what's quite interesting to me is after perhaps re-categorization of the diagnosis, most of the cases are migraines. So even the ones initially were unclear from the clinic letter that I saw, but then he went back to look at the cases, he re-categorized them. So most children have migraines rather than other types of headaches. So rather than tension or functional, which is what in my head I was expecting to see more of because first of all it's a tertiary service. So I was thinking maybe the ones who got referred are the ones who don't quite fit into a specific diagnosis. But also we have quite high proportions of psychiatric disorders. And my hypothesis was that they would have more functional headaches or more other kind of unspecified headaches. But actually they're just migraines. So that's what was quite interesting to me so far.

But would he have put a combination of both or not? So if you put migraine, does he mean that it's definitely not functional?

So there wasn't anyone with a diagnosis of functional headaches.

Exactly, that's what I mean. Because a lot of the migraines will be functional. It's only if he didn't specify to say they also have functional symptoms, which is a small proportion of...

Functional symptoms or functional migraines?

Functional, any kind of functional symptoms in addition to the migraine.

Yeah. Like what?

Like functional...

Abdominal pain.

Functional weakness.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So what that means is that a lot of the migraines are potentially functional migraines, but he's calling it a migraine.

Hmm, I see.

But also the most likely people to get functional migraines are people with migraines.

Yeah, that's true. Yeah, that's true.

Yeah, so I think just because the majority he's classified as migraines doesn't mean that some of those are not functional.

Hmm, okay. Yeah, makes sense.

Because like in our cohort, you know, a third of the people with functional tics had Tourette syndrome.

A third, okay.

Was it a third? High, anyway.

So quite a high...

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That makes sense.

Yeah.

So just for you guys, the functional... when people present with functional difficulties, it's more likely they have presented the symptom of something that they actually have rather than something they've never experienced before. So that's why, yeah.

I can send you my paper on functional tics and autism.

Thank you.

Yeah. Which says all that, and why autism is linked. Yeah. The other thing I also wanted to check with you, Honglan, is... so in the email we spoke about categorizing the diagnosis of mental health disorders further. So for example, people with definitely no mental health problems, people with definitive diagnosis of something, and then the ones in between. So it's the ones in between that at the moment, I'm going to try and record some of the... So from epic data...

Oh, yeah, yeah.

So is this the suspected?

Yeah, the suspected. So it's not always very clear from the clinics and from epic what, like, why is it suspected? So some, for example, sometimes in the clinic letter, it would just... the clinic letter would just say at the past diagnosis, they have depression slash anxiety, for example, but there's no... like nothing to back that up. It doesn't say that whether it's diagnosed by a psychiatrist or the neurologist thought they had them or the patient reported they had them. So some of them are like that. Some of them, it's quite clear that mom said this person has low mood every day.

I think if it's listed in the diagnoses, you know, the beginning or problem concerns or whatever...

Yeah.

Then I presume it's diagnosed.

That's what I'm assuming.

Well, so if they've just put depression, anxiety, I would presume that that's diagnosed. If they put symptoms of depression, then I wouldn't classify that as diagnosed.

Okay. So I'm just thinking how to best kind of...

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

...put the in-between ones. Yeah.

So if you have the... So I assume the same thing as you assume whatever that's in the letter as the...

Yeah. So if I'm writing diagnoses, for instance, and I think the child's got OCD, I'll put, you know, diagnoses, you know, one autism, two OCD.

Yeah.

If I'm not sure about diagnosis of OCD, or I haven't done an assessment, or you know, I'll put one autism, two obsessive-compulsive symptoms.

Okay.

So if they put symptoms of depression, I wouldn't count that as depression. Okay.

But if they put depression, I would consider that as diagnosed.

Okay. And if they say symptoms of something, the clinician said symptoms of something, should that be... should that be a different category from, say, if the clinician said mom reported or the school reported?

No, I would still... I mean...

So then, no, if mom reported a diagnosis of or mom reported symptoms of difficulties, then I would call all of those, whether the clinician, the mom or the teacher reported symptoms of, I would say I would call that suspected. Suspected, okay. Some suspected by anyone, essentially. Yeah, yeah. Okay. But then you have your diagnosed, those on a waiting list. Yes. So the waiting list ones are mainly for autism and ADHD, that they mentioned as a waiting list. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. The waiting list for that is really long. So waiting list, I suppose I would put that as a separate category. Then you also have people who said they're waiting to see someone, like they're waiting to see CAMHS, but it doesn't actually specify whether it's for a mood disorder or ADHD or autism. So then they said, the mom has said symptoms of depression, and they're on a waiting list to see CAMHS. I would presume that that's for symptoms of depression. Okay. Okay. One would imagine. But if they haven't said anything, and they said they're on a waiting list for CAMHS. Yeah, there are a few of those ones, but it's not very clear exactly what they're using. They're just having some mental health difficulties and waiting to see CAMHS. For now, I just coded them as waiting to see CAMHS without any mental health. Oh, then you just put mental health. Then you put them on the waiting list one, but you put mental health other. Other or unknown or whatever. Yeah. Okay. Wait, you have diagnosed, you have waiting list, and then you have suspected. Yeah. Suspected or reported symptoms not referred to anywhere else to be seen. Okay. And then you have none. Yeah. Okay. And then also for the letter, sometimes they say depression. But sometimes in the letter, the diagnosis is this person has low mood, rather than didn't use the word depression. The child presents with anxiety, but they didn't say the diagnosis is anxiety. So I assume those are also under suspected rather than the diagnosis. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Thank you. That's clear. So I'm going back to kind of look at all the diagnosis again. Yeah, sorry. It's just I think I guess for the, you know, because yeah, because we need to specify because there's a lot because I know waiting lists for autism are long. So the diagnosis is going to be an under report. So that's why we need the ones on the waiting list and the suspected. I think so too. But in terms of so for the for the cases with only suspected or waiting lists without a diagnosis, do we still want to consider them as having a psychiatric problem? That's what we've been doing now that we categorize anyone with anything as having a psychiatric problem. So it doesn't matter as long as you say what you're quoting. So you would say x percentage had a confirmed diagnosis of a mental health problem, x percentage are on a waiting list. And x percentage have reported symptoms of. Okay. So as long as you spell it out, it doesn't matter. And then you can say overall, mental health is affecting x percentage brackets, including confirmed diagnosis, awaiting assessment and reported symptoms. Okay. Yeah, as long as you are very clear. It's fine. But you need to be the reader needs to be clear what you have and haven't included. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Just because if you say suspected, you know, so I would, I would count if you've been referred and you're in a waiting list as more severe than if you're suspected, because, you know, there's people in our classes who we go, you know, I suspect, but you know, you're just guessing, really. Yeah. Some of it I just made a judgment, like some of the cases, for example, there are some, some cases where it said, the child is feeling anxious about this, but I have to read the whole context, like the anxious within the normal range of anxiety. So yeah, so there was some judgment there as well. Yeah. We also have the data on age of onset of the headaches. So, which is, it's quite complete, actually, most of the kids have that. Yeah. Okay, that's good. That'd be interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I just saw, so, do you have postcode? No, so we have the postcodes, but I just thought it's, I wasn't, I wasn't sure whether it's like, it's on confidentiality and all that, whether we should put down the main data sets are happening. So, we just know, so we're just doing an audit in the ophthalmology clinic on headache in Cambridge University Hospital, and the medical student that's helping us, so I entered all the postcodes into a deprivation index, and I converted them all into deprivation indexes, all the postcodes. So, if anyone was interested in deprivation, that's something else we could do if we wanted, but don't bother unless you want to, don't bother unless you are interested in that and want to analyze it, because it's not, it's a lot of work. What did they find? Or has it just started? I don't know. She said the deprivation index was 7.44 for everyone and 7.25 for those with neurodevelopmental, so there's no difference. No difference, okay. But we do have data on the type of school they go to, for the patients that are collective, but the majority of them go to normal state schools. State schools. Yeah. Yeah, because I would imagine that most of them are not LD, are they? Most of them, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah, they're on a more functioning, high functioning end. Yes. I presume mainly girls. Or is it fairly even split? It's quite even, the gender. Okay. Yeah, quite even. However, the gosh headache clinics, a lot of the patients have very complex medical history. Oh, yeah, yeah. Compared to the general population, so they would have multiple diagnosis of some rare conditions. Yeah. Okay. So that, I mean, that will be in the... So that would be in the quality of life one, the physical health. Yeah, I think so. Yes. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Okay. You could start, you know, given that you're, you know, you know what your focus is, you could start doing systematic reviews in those areas. So looking at headache, anything about headache, physical health and quality of life, school attendance for you, Chris, and then you're looking at headache, headache severity and anxiety. And then anxiety pre and post COVID papers. Are you sure? Yeah. Yeah. And then that will help you out a lot, won't it? And you're the only one who can still data collect. So you can continue data collection. But then hopefully it means that once the data collection is completed, a lot of the write up will already be done for you. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Wait, once I get to 70, then that would be half of everything done. Yeah. So hopefully it won't take too long to do the rest. So, so then how many would we have? 70 before and 70 after? 70 pre COVID, 70 post COVID? So in total, we have about 110 to 120 patients per cohort. Yeah. And I've done about, I've done half, just more than half of the first cohort. Yeah. So you've done 70 in the first and 50 in the second? 70, 70.

76 was in your poster?

Yes, 76 was the poster.

And then you've done 50 of the new cohort?

Yes.

Yeah, okay, great. So then you've only got 40 plus 100, so then we're hoping Chris and Ayesha can do 50 each, and then we'll be finished.

I think you can do 50 if you spend 10 days on it, I think. Five per day.

I haven't done a lot. There's one that already let me do 120 for one questionnaire, and they got like 10, 5, 6, well, a lot. So it's kind of like a thousand data input, and that was all included demographic and everything, the questionnaire scores. So I'm familiar with that. I'm prepared.

So you get the systematic review and the intro and methods sort of sorted, so that when the thing comes through, then you can focus on the data collection. I think that's a good idea, because otherwise if you sort of don't do anything now and just wait for that to come through, then you're going to be in a real rush at the end to try and get everything done.

Exactly.

Okay. Good.

I'm sorry, go on, Chris.

I'm just thinking about my topic, the quality of life. Should I narrow it down or just keep it... Because I know it contains physical and emotional and social interaction, and so I think there's a four perspective it contains. Social functioning and school functioning. So when I do the systematic review, should I... I mean, it's kind of like a board picture to me now, but I don't know if when I see the data, should I narrow it down or what should I do when I get started? I'll say start broad and then see what's happening. On both, start broad. We don't know what the data is going to show. Yes, now it's like no data to prove something. Okay, great. I was just interested in whether Ayesha and Chris, whether you have come across anything that interests you while you were doing some reading on the topic or about the questionnaires or anything. I was kind of wondering, I guess, before the meeting, I didn't know there was a parent questionnaire as well, because I thought it was just those three. Had me, Midas, PedsQL and ARCAs. I didn't realize there was a parent one. So I was going to ask, is there a parent-informed assessment? I guess now there is. So that's clear. That's kind of the big thing. The parents, they will send out the parent ARCAs, parent PedsQL and parents concerns questionnaire. But it's not always to do that. Okay. So sometimes you get one or the other. Either the child or the parents were returned. But it's always sent out. Yeah. Okay, so there's a parent version for all of them. And also what happens for like the younger kids who can't fill out the forms? So they don't tend to send to the ones who are below the age limit. Okay. Because I think that's a lower age limit. Right. They don't tend to send out. I think there were one or two where parents actually filled it out. And then it was just mentioned that you shouldn't consider scores because of the age. Yeah. Okay. For me, because I was looking for PedsQL now. And I was thinking, is that for the only headaches? Or it has different hierarchies for different headaches categories? Like migraines or like. So is that according to different types of headaches? And is that include like the treatment results? Because it's kind of like, yeah. So from what I've seen, the PedsQL is the standard one for everyone. Everyone gets the same questionnaire. They didn't consider treatment outcomes. Because we didn't have multiple. We didn't do it at multiple time points. So everyone had mostly just one set of questionnaires sent out returns. At the beginning of their treatment, their assessment. Yeah. So there's no. So just one. Oh, no repeat. Okay, just one. The only time they repeated questionnaires was the Peds minus. If someone went for a gone injection. So the injection they put into your scalp to help headache. Then they will do that every time they go to treatment. So then you can see like a kind of progression of scores. But for everyone, I only took down the initial scores. For the Peds minors. Okay, I'll focus on the Peds QL first. Yeah, so the Peds minors is across both. Because the Peds minors is the headache severity questionnaire. Okay. We also have quite a lot of qualitative data. So for quality of life, especially. So how parent concern questions. And I've written out exactly what the concerns are. From each patient. From both the child and the parents. And that's also. Basically anything that's significant. Affecting the life. Affecting the headache. It's free text there. So that's a lot of data to extract as well. If you're interested. And triggers as well. Headache triggers. One of the most common triggers is going to school. So. Which is going to be anxiety. Going to school. You could match that. If. Those types of triggers are correlated to their RCAD scores. Yeah. Other than the common like physical triggers. Like bright lights, noisy environments. Other than that is mainly school, personal relationships. Or some other stressful events. And also. This is just anecdotal. Because I haven't actually. Analyzed the data. But also a lot of the kids at the first onset of the headache. The triggering event is some kind of physical activity. So for example. Jumping on the trampoline. Swimming. Joining a soccer match. So there's some kind of physical. Activity involved. Which is also something quite new to me. And I just thought it was interesting. And then the anxiety one. You could look at family history of anxiety. Yeah. Because if you have an anxious child. And then the parents make an anxious response. The anxiety is likely to continue more likely. Yeah. Just looking at childhood. Okay. Should we arrange another time to meet? Oh, you've done that already haven't you? Next month. I'm meeting you monthly, am I? Yes. I think we're meeting Alexa early Feb. Okay. And I'm meeting you. So I've got my diary 24th of Feb. To see you again. So fingers crossed you've got Enri contracts by then. Surely it's done that. Sure. I will make those phone calls this afternoon. I will think about going there. If I can find them. Yes. And if you go there. Then see you're pregnant. And look more kindly as well. Yeah. I just am doing it really soon. To meet the contracts. You should tell them you're on a time crunch. Exactly. Great. Okay. So yeah. Okay. So just reminding 24th. What time did we say was the meeting? I've got you down 1 to 2. 1 to 2. Okay. And I've got the dates with Chris and Ayesha. So I just have a question. That's just come up quickly. You know the abstract. The BPLA abstract you sent us. Like a few months ago. So the methods section on that. I assume our methods would be quite similar to that. For when we're writing up. It might need more details. Yeah. It's just a summary. Yeah. But broadly similar. Yeah. Okay. Methods is just going to be. You know. How you define the sample. Yep. And then the measures. So you can get all the information about.

The following is the transcription of the audio exactly as spoken, mixing English and Spanish where it occurred:

"Right? So this is already ready, you know the measures that we have, so you can write a paragraph about what the ped QL is, what the ped MIDAS is, what the ARCAD is, and the references for those, all of those can... you know, half the method can already be written.

Yeah. And you could share it because a lot of it is similar, so if you want to work on that together, that’s not a problem.

Yeah, we can do that.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Great. Okay. What can I say... uh, introduction... someone told, the first paper I wrote, the professor told me, 'you’re sitting there with a blank sheet in front of you, this is what you write for the introduction': you write, um, why this question is important, um, what’s already known, what’s not known, and then how this paper is going to answer what is not known. There you are.

That’s a good outline.

That’s your introduction.

Thanks.

Yeah.

Because sometimes you go: what do I write?

It’s true though, I feel like sometimes in the introduction, like, I just get confused. I tend to write the introduction at the end when I write essays and stuff but I feel for this one I’m just gonna start with it.

Yeah, those are the headings and then that's the order it should go in. You know, one paragraph on each of those and that's your introduction done.

Yeah.

Okay. Alright, I will see you in a month!

See you. Thank you.

Thank you very much. Bye!

We will meet in a few weeks.

Yeah, sorry?

We will meet before that.

Yes, yes. We will meet before.

Thank you. Bye!

Thank you." 

(The audio then ends.)